# Meeting Agenda

Date: 2014-03-20

Facilitator: Mikael Malmqvist

Participants: Daniel Eineving, Mikael Malmqvist, Niklas Tegnander, Fredrik Thune

## Objectives
We've come to realise that we cannot proceed with our MVC approach
in the way we've intended. We will need more logic on the server
than we first expected, so this meeting is about solving this issue.
   

## Reports
We've managed to handle data trafic from the server to a client.

## Discussion items

#### How are we doing?
We're doing great progress in the start-up of our project
and have come as far as we need according to plans. We've created
a sketch of the application and evaluated it to identify problems
and we've finished the first part of the RAD.
	
#### What do we need to do?
We need to set up a general plan for how the server should work with
its clients - a protocol. We do also need to start with part two of the
RAD.

## Outcomes and assignments
We need to create a protocol for the communication between the server
and the client. We need to look over our MVC pattern and refactor the
over-all structur to fit our future protocol.
We should also create the UML and some use cases.

Fredrik should look at the second part of the RAD

Daniel should look over what is need or the Application Model and give
the others straight objectives of what they need to do.


## Wrap up 

#### What needs to be done until the next meeting?
Protocol, UML, Use Cases, RAD part 2, Application model

#### When are we having the next meeting?
140324, 13.00

