# Meeting Agenda

Date: 2014-05-15

Facilitator: Mikael Malmqvist

Participants: Daniel Eineving, Mikael Malmqvist, Niklas Tegnander

## Objectives
We need to work on the presentation and the report.

## Reports
The big feature has been merged into develop.

We've solved our issues regarding file pathes.

Solved bug with player's names.

Added all documentations to the repository.

Added another ship of size 3 to the game.

Disabled multiplayer when there's no connectivity.

Added credits to the game.

Solved various issues on github ( #23 #26 #28 )

Added ability for displaying who's turn it is.

Improved positions for ships in placement.

Added proper game-over-logic, which displays the winner and the loser, and deactivates shooting.

Refactored hit and miss-logic.

Written more on the report.


#### Unsolved
Haven't worked on the presentation.

## Discussion items

#### How are we doing?
We now have a working game, but need to refactor some code.

#### What do we need to do?
Work on the presentation and presentation.

Refactor code to make it harder, better, faster, stronger.

## Outcomes and assignments
* Daniel has the main responsibility for the report.

* Mikael has the main responsibility for the presentation.

* Mikael will look over the SDD and the RAD.

* Niklas has the main responsibility for the refactoration.

## Wrap up 

#### What needs to be done until the next meeting?
We need to have started on everything mentioned in __Outcomes and assignments__

#### When are we having the next meeting?
Time: 2014-05-19 10.00
Room: M1206B