# Meeting Agenda

Date: 2014-05-12

Facilitator: Mikael Malmqvist

Participants: Daniel Eineving, Mikael Malmqvist, Fredrik Thune, Niklas Tegnander

## Objectives
We're working on a big feature, but need to merge it into develop.

## Reports
Sequence diagrams has been redone properly.

Redone player class.

We've written more on the project report.

Bug fixes and added more features (this work is yet to be merged - it's still a undone feature)

We've debugged code for a minor problem with the file pathes, which handles differently in the IDEs.


#### Unsolved

Haven't solved issues regarding file pathes.

## Discussion items

#### How are we doing?
Good, but we're having some minor issues regarding file pathes in different IDEs and how they are handled.

#### What do we need to do?
Fix the file-path-issue - issue #23

Solve issue regarding player's names - issue #22

We need thoroughly check if client is connected to server, to prevent nullPointerExceptions - issue #24

Add more visuals in the Game.

Write more on the report and work on the presentation.

We need to add ALL documentation to the repo - RAD, SDD, Use Cases and Sequence diagrams.

## Outcomes and assignments

Niklas and Fredrik will finish the feature and merge it into develop.

Mikael will add all the documentation to the repo and work on the GameSreen, GameRenderer and GameModel to finish the ingame part of the application.

Eineving will solve the file path issue.



## Wrap up 

#### What needs to be done until the next meeting?

The feature will be merged, more work will be done on the in game part and we will have written more on the report.

#### When are we having the next meeting?
Time: 2014-05-15 13:15
Room: 